#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.dev.txt requirements.dev.in requirements.txt
#
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via icecream
attrs==22.2.0
    # via hypothesis
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
boto3==1.26.147
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.29.147
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   whitenoise
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   milksnake
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   pytest-watch
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
coverage[toml]==7.0.3
    # via pytest-cov
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willow
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
dj-database-url==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
django==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   model-bakery
    #   wagtail
django-csp==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
django-debugtools==2.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-htmx==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
django-modelcluster==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
django-stubs==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
django-stubs-ext==4.2.1
    # via django-stubs
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pytest-watch
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via icecream
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willow
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
honeybadger==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
hypothesis==6.76.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
icecream==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
identify==2.5.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
milksnake==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rustface
model-bakery==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
mypy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencv-python-headless
opencv-python-headless==4.7.0.72
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
    #   willowavif
pillow-avif-plugin==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willowavif
pip-chill==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via pytest-clarity
pre-commit==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   honeybadger
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   rich
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   pytest-clarity
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-picked
    #   pytest-watch
pytest-clarity==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-picked==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-watch==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangorestframework
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pre-commit
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
rich==13.0.1
    # via pytest-clarity
rustface==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   honeybadger
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
telepath==0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
types-pytz==2022.7.0.0
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.2
    # via django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via pre-commit
wagtail==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail-picture-tag
wagtail-picture-tag==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via pytest-watch
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise[brotli]==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
willow==1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
    #   willowavif
willowavif==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willowavif

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
